Hey Jack,

Thank you so much for playing our games. We at SPG appreciate it, and all the nice things you said about all the work we put into it meant the world to us. We hope you enjoy this game as much as, if not more than, The BOSS. This is a culmination of a lot of people's hard work, and we tried to make this really good.

When you open up the game, there will be a splash screen that basically says being unfamiliar with The BOSS/The BOSS Is Nothing means this game won't make much sense. We know you forget details of games sometimes, so we do have a nice intro to familiarize you with the world, as well as explain some events in TBIN that you may not have seen. You don't have to play TBIN in order for this game to make sense, simply because the events from it that were important will be reiterated in Glitch, but it helps a lot.

TBIN is an entirely separate game from The BOSS and Glitch. So if you want to play that first, you're more than welcome to. Again, it's not required but we'd be remiss if we didn't explain that so you could make an informed decision. We made it with a much smaller team, so it's not as complex, but we're very proud of how it came out.

Finally, the egos. I wanted to be extremely clear about something: we are absolutely not trying to contradict your, or the community's, headcanons about the egos. We have made it pretty clear in the game that these are the Wirish variations of the egos, basically culminations of both yours and other people's headcanons, but not meant to be canon in any way. With that explanation, we were also able to include fan favorites such as Bing and Robbie. Ego interpretations are varied and all valid, and at no point are we at SPG trying to step on anyone's headcanons or trying to suggest anything to you as far as their canon personalities. You can do with these iterations of the egos as you will. In addition, we did create our own "ego" in the form of Mack, but he's not really an ego as much as he's sort of an avatar of you inside of Wireland. In TBIN, Sean locked him out, so that's why he didn't appear in The BOSS (...yeah definitely not because we hadn't come up with him yet, nope).

We put a lot of time and effort into not only making this game for you and your channel, but also the amazing community. Your channel has reminded us to stay positive, and we really tried to take that to heart as we made this game. The development of this game was far more tempestuous than The BOSS or TBIN, but we worked hard on it and took our time so that we created something we were proud of, rather than coming out with something mediocre just to get more attention. This game took so long as a result, so know that what you are seeing is our best work despite a lot of setbacks. We're very proud of what we've accomplished so far and can't wait to see what you think of it.

Please read the other Read Me for information more specific to the game.

Thanks again for your support, and for playing The BOSS. A lot of our team wouldn't have known about it if not for you, and we've made a lot of wonderful friends as a result.

~SPG

Katie Marie
Jessica/CelestialSushi
DvLyon
Sage
Justin
Kashi
BansheeBear
Ani
Ace
Laura
AnnyALice
Meg
Lara
GrandmaCat
BubblesBinxs
CobaltDragonWolf
Dumbasticart
EugeneTheMeme
fadesinthelight
HellaciousSeer
Hiccup
Tressa
Kayne
Kiyoshilia
kmisama
M.K.
luced_lines
Noel
NuclearSugarBomb
Nyx
RoyalyReagan
Salty
sketchy_mischief
SioraiDragon
Van-Arts
ARKE
Amy

And a lot of others who made this possible who weren't in the core dev team!